next i want when am chatting with the profile ai it must be getting my credentials and placing them in the floating window. also when i go away then come back i must find the chat i was in. when i click save the table that shows my credentails must be updated. ALso i dont want the ai to talk too much, make it talk natural as if its a person. Next under network section/tab, ater the networks have been found, i dont want thn to get erased, they must reain there unless i manually delted them. when i click on one of the cards (e.g, an event card) i want to be shown a whole different screen that tell me ALL i need to know about that event, and even tells has a small section that i can ask ai about the event and also where i can set a reminder (2 days, 1 day, x hhours, etc, depending with what i want)before the event. this tab must clearly show the activities that have passed and those yet to come but must always never be automatically deleted. 4. i have noticed that the names i put during registration and also the documents i upload dont get scanned for my details, the ai always is asking for my name all the time, this does not make any sense. 5. The thing of saving my last work must always be on on every part of the app, when i write a letter i should not have it to regenerate it always same applies to all the other 9+ sections. this is why we have storage. After you do all this, explain to me what these sections (tracked, applied, interview, offers) means and why do i need them and how i can make use of them. you can image am the developer but i dont know what these sections do.. 6. under companies, i need that when it finds some companies at some point it must be able to find the write addresses for applying for jobs to that company. And we can have a route that is from finding a company, one can click on it, see me if interested dfraft a letter and then proceed to preparing for an interview based having the darfted letter and all te user credentials and data (including data from the attached documents in profile section) so we have a more meaningful and real interview. If there is a free AI like groq (that can help us in scanning the documents or ordaginizing data)  please tell me so i can find it s api and we can have a more capable and enabled app